Organizations today are seeking to increase productivity, flexibility and innovation to deliver services faster without sacrificing security, stability and performance. As hybrid IT environments continue to expand and evolve, security must be automated to scale and mitigate risks to achieve compliance and meet the needs of the business.

Why should security and compliance be automated? According to the 2017 Verizon Data Breach Report, “81% of hacking-related breaches leveraged either stolen and/or weak passwords”. Ensuring protection against stolen and/or weak passwords is preventable by defining and implementing strong password policies using automation. In this article by Gartner, “99% of the vulnerabilities exploited by the end of 2020 will continue to be ones known by security and IT professionals at the time of the incident”.  Automation can help enforce and ensure security and compliance and help protect against security vulnerabilities and security breaches.

Red Hat Enterprise Linux provides security technologies, certifications, and the ongoing support of the Product Security team to combat vulnerabilities, protect your data, and meet regulatory compliance. You can automate regulatory compliance and security configuration remediation across your systems and within containers with OpenSCAP, Red Hat’s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)-certified scanner that checks and remediates against vulnerabilities and configuration security baselines, including against National Checklist content for PCI-DSS, DISA STIG, and more. Additionally, centralize and scale out configuration remediation across your entire hybrid environment with the broader Red Hat management portfolio.

OpenSCAP is a family of open source SCAP tools and content that help users create standard security checklists for enterprise systems. Natively shipping in Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Red Hat Satellite, OpenSCAP provides practical security hardening advice for Red Hat technologies and links to compliance requirements, making deployment activities like certifications and accreditations easier. OpenSCAP allows you to perform both vulnerability and security compliance checks in a fully automated way.

To better meet the varied security needs of hybrid computing, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.5 provides enhanced software security automation to mitigate risk through the integration of OpenSCAP with Red Hat Ansible Automation. This enables the creation of Ansible playbooks directly from OpenSCAP scans which can then be used to implement remediations more rapidly and consistently across a hybrid IT environment. The remediations are generated in the form of Ansible playbooks, either based on profiles or based on scan results.
